Update docs (#3)
wearesideways/sw-classic-skeleton: NEW_PROJECT_INSTALLATION.md

## Do Replaces

> Replace all instances of SW_PROJECT with the project's name: (*run this commands on the project's root*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace all instances of SW_PROJECT with the project's name: (*run these commands in the project's root*)
```

1. Replace all files and folders:
- **MacOS:** `find . -depth -name '*SW_PROJECT*' -exec bash -c 'for f; do mv -i "$f" "${f//SW_PROJECT/PUT_THE_PROJECT_NAME_HERE}"; done' bash {} +` 
- **Linux:** `find . -depth -name '*SW_PROJECT*' -execdir bash -c 'for f; do mv -i "$f" "${f//SW_PROJECT/PUT_THE_PROJECT_NAME_HERE}"; done' bash {} +`
2. Replace all text references inside files: 
- **MacOS:** `find . \( -type d -name .git -prune \) -o -type f -print0 | xargs -0 sed -i '' -e 's/SW_PROJECT/PUT_THE_PROJECT_NAME_HERE/g'` 
- **Linux:** `find . \( -type d -name .git -prune \) -o -type f -print0 | xargs -0 sed -i 's/SW_PROJECT/PUT_THE_PROJECT_NAME_HERE/g'`

> 3. Replace manually the project name in the `composer.json` file following the composer conventions. Example: `sw/PROJECT_NAME`

Reviewer: I dont think this is needed, I think this is because of the composer warning? maybe change the composer json instead to:

```
name: "sidewaysnyc/PROJECT_NAME" 
```

so its get replaced automatically

Author: I don't know why I didn't do that, fixed
